Haruya Hirota MyERAS
Application
General Information
Name: Haruya Hirota Applicant ID: 45446666
Previous Last Name: AAMC ID: 45454444
Preferred Name:
Designated PronoU.S. He/Him/His
Most Recent Medical School:University of Bologna (Università di Bologna )
USMLE ID: 4534444
Email: yosephg15@gmail.com NRMP ID:14573286
Gender: Man Participating in the NRMP Match: Yes
Birth Date: 31/12/1986
Participating as a Couple in NRMP: No
Authorized to Work in the U.S.: No
Visa Sponsorship Needed: Yes
Visa Sponsorship Sought: H-1B, J-1
Self Identification:
Black or African American
Some other Black or African American:
sudanese
Permanent Mailing Address:
Present Mailing Address:
Via Zamboni, 35
Via Zamboni, 35
40126 Bologna BO
40126 Bologna BO
Italy
Italy Phone: +39 051 123 4567
Preferred Phone #: +39 051 123 4567
Alternate Phone #:
Mobile #: +39 051 123 4567
Pager #:
Fax #:
Military Service Obligation/Deferment? No
Other Service Obligation? No
Are you able to carry out the responsibilities and requirements at the specific training programs to which you are applying with or without reasonable
accommodations? Yes
Misdemeanor Conviction in the United States? No
Felony Conviction in the United States? No
Haruya Hirota MyERAS
Application
Geographic and Setting Preferences
Division Preference: Middle Atlantic
As a native of Philadelphia with family in the surrounding area, the Middle Atlantic division would be the closest to what I consider home. In addition to family
ties, being within driving distance of Philadelphia, New York City and multiple international airports in this region is of significant interest to me.
Division Preference: Mountain
Having spent the last 10 years in TU.S.n, the Mountain division has become my home. While I do not have family in this area, I have established a life
with many close friends. Furthermore, the landscapes and climate of this region are a significant draw for me.
Division Preference: New England
The New England division is appealing as it would allow me to be close to my family on the east coast. I have a fondness for this region as my family and I
vacation here often. Furthermore, the region’s reputation of academic excellence resonates with my career aspirations.
Setting Preference: No Preference
I preferred to not chose any setting preference because I worked and lived in most area mentioned above ,, I feel comfortable to join for each of them and
handle my situation there.
State Medical Licenses
Medical Licensure
DEA Reg #: #:-D
Medical Licensure Suspended/Revoked/Voluntarily Terminated?
E ver Named in a Malpractice Suit?
Past History?
State Medical Licenses
Type
Number State
N/A
Board Certification : N/A
Other Medical or Healthcare Certifications
Haruya Hirota ECFMG Status Report
ECFMG STATUS REPORT
USMLE/ECFMG Identification Number:
Applicant Name: Johnson Smith
Applicant Date of Birth: 31/12/1986
ECFMG Certified: Yes
Certificate Issue Date: 2/2/2024
Valid Through: 2/2/2025
Passing Performance on Medical Science Two- Three Examinations:
Digit Digit
Date Score Score Comment
*Examination
USMLE STEP 1 2/02/2021 fail *
2/02/2022 pass
USMLE Step 2 CK 1/1/2023 pass 265
Passing Performance on Clinical Skills Examination:
*Examination Date Comment
ECFMG Clinical Skills Pathway ** N/A
Name of Medical School and Country:
Degree Year:
Medical Education Credentials Status:
Haruya Hirota ECFMG Status Report
The purpose of this Status Report is to indicate whether this individual is certified by ECFMG. It reflects only
examinations that were used to fulfill requirements for ECFMG Certification. The most recent passing
performance on the Clinical Skills Examination is reflected, regardless of whether this individual was required
to take a Clinical Skills Examination for ECFMG Certification. This Status Report is not a complete score
history of all examinations for this individual. This Status Report does not include examinations that were taken
but not passed. Furthermore, if this individual passed examinations that were not used to fulfill the requirements
for ECFMG Certification, these examinations are not included.
* Report may contain a combination of examination programs that may have been used for Certification.
** This individual met the clinical and communication skills requirements, including English language proficiency, for ECFMG Certification through
one of the ECFMG Pathways. Prior to the ECFMG Pathways, IMGs met these requirements by passing the former USMLE Step 2 CS.
This information is reported directly from ECFMG computer records and is current as of
.
Haru ya Hirota USMLE Transcript
United States Medical Licensing Examination® (USMLE®) Certified Transcript of Scores
This document was prepared by the
Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates® (ECFMG®)
3624 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-2685 - Telephone (215) 386-5900
Date:
Examinee ID:
Examinee: Date of Birth:
31/12/1986
Results for Steps taken by this examinee (and for which results have been reported to date) are shown below. For Steps that span more than
one day, the test date reflects the day on which the examination began. Pass/fail outcomes are based upon the minimum passing level in place
at the time of test administration and are not altered by sU.S.quent revisions to the minimum passing level. Effective April 1, 2013, two-digit
scores will no longer be reported. Test results reported as passing represent an exam score of 75 or higher on a two-digit scale. Step 1
examinations taken on or after January 26, 2022 are reported as pass/fail, with no numeric score; Step 1 examinations taken before January
26, 2022 will continue to be reported with a 3- digit score.
USMLE STEP 1
Test Date Pass/Fail Score Minimum Pass Comments
2/2/2021 Fail
2/2/2022 Pass
USMLE STEP 2
Clinical Knowledge (CK)
Test Date Pass/Fail Score Minimum Pass Comments
1/1/2023 Pass (265) (218)
End of Exam History
NOTE: The USMLE Step 2 CS examination was last administered March 16, 2020. Examinees with a failing outcome may not have had
an opportunity to retest. The USMLE defines successful completion of its examination sequence as passing Step 1, Step 2 CK, and
Step 3.
NOTE: A search of the Physician Data Center of the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) reveals no reported information on this
examinee.
Haruya Hirota USMLE Transcript
INTERPRETATION OF RESULTS
USMLE transcripts include a complete examination history. On those Step examinations for which numeric scores are reported,
a three-digit scale is used. Most scores fall between 140 and 260 on this scale. The recommended minimum passing score is
shown on the front of the transcript next to the examinee's score for each administration along with a pass/fail outcome. Test
results reported as passing represent an exam score of 75 or higher on a two- digit scoring scale. The level of proficiency required
to meet the recommended minimum passing level for each USMLE Step is reviewed periodically and is subject to change. Such
changes do not alter pass/fail outcomes from prior test administrations.
For examinations with reported scores, the Standard Error of the Estimate (SEE) provides an index of the amount of uncertainty
in the scores and can be used to gauge the likelihood of performing similarly on a repeat attempt. If an examinee tested repeatedly
on a different set of items covering the same content, without learning or forgetting, their score would fall within one SEE of
their current score two thirds of the time. The SEE is approximately 8 points.
STEP 1 AND STEP 2 CLINICAL SKILLS (CS)
Step 1 examinations taken on or after January 26, 2022 are reported as pass/fail, with no numeric score; Step 1 examinations taken
before January 26, 2022 will continue to be reported with a 3-digit score. All Step 2 CS results are reported as pass or fail, with
no numeric score. Test results reported as passing represent an exam score of 75 or higher on a two-digit scale.
ANNOTATIONS APPEARING UNDER "COMMENTS"
CircU.S.ances in connection with an administration shown on this transcript may result in one or more annotations listed next to
the score. A description of each Comment is provided below:
Indeterminate - Results are at or above the passing level but cannot be certified as representing a valid measure of the examinee's
knowledge or competence as sampled by the examination. No score is reported. Information regarding the nature of the
indeterminate score is available. If such information is not enclosed with this transcript, it may be obtained by contacting the
organization from which you received the transcript or the USMLE Secretariat, by email, webmail@nbme.org, or telephone,
(215) 590-9700.
Incomplete - The examinee sat for some, but not all, of the scheduled examination. No score is reported.
Irregular Behavior - The Committee for Individualized Review determined that the examinee engaged in irregular
behavior. Examples of irregular behavior are described in the current edition of the USMLE Bulletin of Information.
Information regarding the nature of the irregular behavior and the determination of the Committee is available. If such
information is not enclosed with this transcript, it may be obtained by contacting the organization from which you received the
transcript or by contacting the USMLE Secretariat, by email, webmail@nbme.org, or telephone, (215) 590-9700.
Score Not Available - The score is not available. Further review and/or analysis may be pending, or it may have been
determined that the score cannot be reported. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the USMLE Secretariat by
email, webmail@nbme.org, or telephone, (215) 590-9700.
ANNOTATIONS APPEARING AS "NOTE"
CircU.S.ances not in connection with an administration shown on this transcript may result in one or more annotations and an
explanation or instructions to contact the appropriate individual or organization. The Note will appear at the end of the document.
PHYSICIAN DATA CENTER INFORMATION APPEARING AS "NOTE"
The Physician Data Center of the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) contains actions reported to the FSMB by U.S.
licensing and disciplinary boards, Canadian licensing authorities, the U.S. Armed Forces, the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, and other credentialing entities. To be included in the Data Center, an action must be a matter of public record
or be legally releasable to state medical boards or other entities with recognized authority to review physician credentials. Certain
actions reported to and released by the Physician Data Center are not disciplinary or otherwise prejudicial in nature. Such actions
Haruya Hirota USMLE Transcript
are reported to ensure that records are complete and to assist in preventing misrepresentation or the use of lost or stolen credentials
by unauthorized persons. Once reported to the FSMB, an action becomes part of the permanent record of the individual physician,
and the existence of such an action may be indicated on the USMLE transcript by a Note.
7/2021